End the last lecture we learn how we can use props and that's nice but distilled doesn't make our button
work.
To make this button work we need to write our component in a different way because now we want to use
state art components should have its own state and state simply means whilst props are only set from
outside and therefore not changeable inside of the component state is state can be set and changed from
inside to component.
So to you state we can't use this function for it.
Instead we need to use the class keyword the iOS 6 Klasky were to create a new class which will name
app.
This class needs to extend our Riak package and their D component class which is provided by the package
does component class provide some base functionality which you will need and then this class needs to
have at least one function which is to render method here.
Now render will be called bioreactor yes to render something to the dorm they have for the render method
needs to do the same as our function here it needed to do.
It needs to return to J as X code which is responsible for what this component should display.
So let's return this year.
I can remove my function now.
And of course props like this won't work anymore because we don't have a prop's object in there anymore.
But do you react Capone and give us a prop's property in that class.
If that's totally new to you think about over Object Orientated languages you might know your classes
may have properties and methods.
We have to custom render method.
But since he acts tente react component we also have access to a built in property so we can use this
props to access as props property provided by re-act again a six course might be a good thing if you
want to dive deeper into react and really fully understand what happened here.
So with that we access this props property which is given to us by we act and react will also fill this
property.
Does props property with all the properties we set up on our component tag.
So if I had control enter again we still see what we saw before but now with the ESX syntax we're very
close to making this button work again in the next lecture.
Let's dive into state and see how state helps us make this bottom work.